ain't:am not
aren't:are not
can't:cannot
can't''ve:cannot have
'cause:because
could've:could have
couldn't:could not
couldn't've:could not have
d'y'all:do you all, did you all
d'y'ask:do you ask, did you ask
d'y'ave:do you have, did you have
didn't:did not
doesn't:does not
don't:do not
'e'll:he will
'e's:he is
goin':going
hadn't:had not
hadn't've:had not have
hasn't:has not
haven't:have not
he'd:he would, he had
he'd've:he would have
he'll:he will
he'll've:he will have
he's:he is, he has
he'sn't: he is not
how'd:how would, how did
how'd'y:how do you
how'll:how will
how's:how is
I'd:I would, I had
I'd've:I would have
I'll:I will
I'll've:I will have
I'm:I am
I've:I have
I'ven't:I have not
isn't:is not
it'd:it would, it had
it'd've:it would have, it had have
it'll:it will
it's:it is
it'sn't: it is not
let's:let us
ma'am:madam
mayn't:may not
might've:might have
mightn't:might not
mightn't've:might not have
must've:must have
mustn't:must not
mustn't've:must not have
needn't:need not
o'clock:of the clock
oughtn't:ought not
oughtn't've:ought not have
shan't:shall not
sha'n't:shall not
she'd:she would, she had
she'd've:she would have
she'll:she will
she'll've:she will have
she's:she is, she has
should've:should have
shouldn't:should not
shouldn't've:should not have
that'd:that would, that had
that'd've:that would have
that's:that is
that'll've:that will have
that'sn't:that is not
there'd:there would, there had
there's:there is
they'd:they would, they had
they'd've:they would have
they'll:they will
they'll've:they will have
they're:they are
they've:they have
'tisn't:it is not
'tshan't:it shall not
'twasn't:it was not
'tweren't:it were not
'twon't:it will not
'twou'd:it would
'twouldn't:it would not
wasn't:was not
we'd:we would, we had
we'd've:we would have
we'll:we will
we'll've:we will have
we're:we are
we'ren't:we are not
we've:we have
we'ven't:we have not
weren't:were not
what'll:what will
what're:what are
what's:what is, what has
what've:what have
when's:when is, when has
when've:when have
where'd:where would, where did
where's:where is, where has
where've:where have
who'd've:who would have
who'll:who will
who's:who is, who has
who've:who have
why's:why is, why has
why've:why have
will've:will have
won't:will not
won't've:will not have
would've:would have
wouldn't:would not
wouldn't've:would not have
y'all:you all
you'd:you would, you had
you'd've:you would have
you'll:you will
you'll've:you will have
you're:you are
you'ren't:you are not
you've:you have
you'ven't:you have not
